A failed experiment with an interesting idea behind it that I spent a few months on. I am not going to be coming back to this project anytime soon, but maybe one day I will. All art is still within the code, so it's possible. I learned quite a bit about particles while working on this mod, and I have a lot of ideas related to particles, so not all is lost.

The mod's idea was to have an exlcmamation mark appear above a mob's head whenever they spotted you, and then a question mark whenever they lost you as a target. The first issue was a problem right off the bat; the inconsistency with "exclamation mark" and "exclamation point." Didn't help whatsoever. Another issue is that, like my previous mod(which was also my first), I jumped into this with no prior research to how I was going to complete my goal. If I've learned anything from my two mods, it's that Minecraft doesn't work the way I think it does. Halfway through the development of this mod, I decided to try to find another method on how to add the exclamation mark and question mark because the two methods I was using was buggy. It didn't work with vexes, would sometimes not work with zombies, wouldn't work well when switching gamemodes, would sometimes show the particles when it wasn't supposed too, and would very easily crash the freaking video game. I found another method for the exlcamation mark, but not for the question mark. This new method solved the extra particles bug, but after starting a new playthrough with this mod, I found it unstable, and would crash the game at random points in time. I decided I wanted to move on because I had so many other ideas I really wanted to work on.
